for me needs extra competition for
places in attack and cover for such as
Steve white whose speed was badly missed
yesterday city's performance underlined
they do have competition and cover a
12,000 crowd they're greeted the teams
both unbeaten in their first two matches
swindon's first half raids lacked a
cutting edge and city were to rub that
in by scoring from a breakaway move
within their own penalty area there's
Bob Taylor's interception there's his
searching past and junior bent in the
siders cover for the injured Louie Donna
remember he's on his way for his first
goal for the city in his first full game
for cities followers glad the lads sign
for 30,000 pounds from Huddersfield last
season whilst he continued to make the
better chances in the first half and
exits a well-worked move that has Gary
Shelton going close to adding to that
lead Shelton makes his own space just
over the top when our city's good
passing and Taylor's excellent speed
work there nice combination Shelton
releasing Nicky Morgan and really city
could have gone in at halftime with a
bigger lead but second half improvement
now from swindon in making chances but
city's goalkeeper Ronnie Sinclair in
splendid form swindon push forward again
with Paul Bowden he started and might
have finished a promising move with
substitute mcglochlin but Paul got his
feet tangled up
for the game's fastest feet though it
was junior Benz clearly he's going to
keep da nieuwe and David Smith on their
toes for selection throughout the winter
and with the lads goal ending up as the
match-winner it became a big day for the
smallest man playing
I don't know Bob got the bar I think I
the corner it built a bob and i was
gonna make a room to me right hand side
but i decided to pull to the left and I
saw Bob pull his leg back we played the
ball but the number three just missed it
just came through and it came through to
me and then as you the long way to go
before goal and that's like a 400-meter
when we're living in two hours go and
just start steady myself and I put it in
the bottom right-hand corner well just
nervous for anyway we went in and the
feeling of the dresser IAM now amongst
the lads after this win here great it's
a great feeling of swindon should be a
first division club hopefully there will
be next season but to come down Yung
beyond one mil in a derby is a great
feeling than shows away that the club's
going well I'll swill and we got until
Saturday's trip to Hull to improve that
cutting edge as City of God West Brom's
Ashton Gate in the league cup on
Wednesday good news for both tough today
the city is a marques well we're on
swingers Paul Bowden selected in the
Welsh international squad